right so icici bank numbers are just out
and um it's a very interesting result
let me tell you what's happening over
here so now the nii we built in a figure
of around 9 100 crores which was on the
upper side
it's actually coming ahead of that at 9
300 crores so the credit growth
hasn't really slowed down it's continued
right now on the operating profit we had
a figure of 9600 crore odd
and this is including inflation from um
income coming in from the stake sales
right icici has actually posted a number
which is uh quite a bit higher than that
at 10 776
crore for your operating profit so that
shows that despite
um people building in the income from
the stake sales there has been
improvement in the operating profit as
well because it's coming higher than
that right
now what's interesting to note is on the
path level it's a bit of a miss right 2
600 crores versus our poll which
indicated 3 000 crore
but then all the broker polls had
provision building
uh built in a 5600 crore only icici's
cobit provision alone this quarter is
5500 and the total provision
um this quarter stands at 7590 four
crores so that's
two thousand crore higher than the
average broker estimate
so if you actually factor that in then
the profit could have been
significantly lower than this even so in
that sense i'd say
it's a decent number the capital
adequacy stayed pretty much the same
it's reflecting that
um on that front things are okay plus we
know they're going to be raising money
um what's interesting is yes the gross
npa as a percentage of total loans has
come down
as has the net but then we all know that
this is a moratorium quarter so
you're not recognizing a lot of npas so
you can't take this number
for face value you have to wait and see
what happens after
um the q2 numbers are out and just
yesterday we know rbi put out a circular
saying they expect 14.7
spike um across the system in npas
so this number we'll have to wait and
watch next quarter but on the face of it
it's looking that despite higher
provisions the pat is higher the
operating profit is far higher than
estimates
so it looks like a strong show from them
but we have lalitha
uh srivastav on the line with us now hi
la little always great to get you in
first on these results
what's your read on the icici bank
numbers uh look
fairly decent yeah i think uh the
numbers are
uh uh fairly decent uh largely in line
on the ni front uh it's in line with
our expectation uh on the provision
front uh
slightly elevated provision uh but then
uh
there was a one-time uh gain of uh sale
of investment benefits
so it was expected that there would be
some over and above
uh provision on the prudential side
so that is why pat has come slightly
below our expectation but overall if i
see
at the asset quality front also i think
the numbers are good
and how would you peg this result
against the recently put out access and
hdfc if you just had to peg
since these banks are in a sense
competing and they're mentioned in the
same club
so what would you say do you expect as
positive reaction
when markets open on monday as we saw
with perhaps in hdfc and access
uh see uh i'm just looking at the
moratorium number uh how much has that
come
no we as usual it hasn't come out as a
blanket uh
statement anywhere in the result the
percentage i'm assuming that'll come at
the call
let's happen with htfc and um
and access as well because everyone's
using their own definition right now for
moratorium so a published number i think
um is a bit tricky but um
yeah if we do get that number we'll come
back to you with it
but uh what do you anticipate
considering that htfc and access have
been able to bring it down
access also had around 28 now they're
looking at you know
9.7 is what they've said shared would
you expect a similar ballpark here for
moratorium or you just can't say
i would expect a
decline in moratorium book that was
something that the
street would also be expecting and he
would like uh
coming to the bb and below book
it has come to around 17 000
17 100 compared to around 16
600 700 crores last quarter
so that there has been slight increase
in that
we are expecting uh ica to have a lesser
brand on the
asset quality side mainly mainly because
of they have
a lower exposure to this care asset and
uh
also you know a manageable share of sme
unsecured
lending uh also uh we like the fact that
they have been constantly
lifting their so that is also something
that
we like uh uh moratorium book is
something that
that that will be keenly worth out for
uh so
that is that will be important but apart
from that i think your numbers seem
largely